
Its fall, 1994.

You're living in a small apartment in the midtown of a large city somewhere on the eastern coast of the United States.
Life has been...well...life.

Its mostly been work.
Its not the worst job you've ever had (working at a call center when you first moved still takes first place), but its - at best - a monotonous tiring affair.
You're barely scraping by. Bills get paid, on time, but you've been living off microwave burritos and cheap pizza for what feels like your entire life since moving away from home.

On the evening of November 30th, you get home after a particularly long shift - later than usual. Its dark out already, and you're more tired than usual.
When you open your door, you see someone has slipped a letter through your mail slot.

The handwriting on the letter is familiar, you'd recognize it anywhere - even after all this time.
You sit down, grab your letter opener, and start reading.

Dear
[Player Name],

I tried contacting you several times on the phone but I couldn't get through, this is urgent. 

[You had to cancel your phone plan 6 weeks ago, it was too expensive]

I need to talk to you about Callie. Shes run away. 

[Callie is your younger sister. You were close growing up, but you haven't spoken to her in a while]

The whole towns been looking for her but we haven't gotten any leads yet. Nobody knows where shes gone, and your father and I are worried sick.


I know you're busy at your job, and you have obligations - but you also have obligations to your family. Please, if you can, come help us find her. 

Love,
Mom

[You haven't spoken to her in a while either]

[Callie is an adventurous impulsive sort(your opposite), but this isn't like her. You feel pang of worry cascade over you, like someone is sliding an ice cube down your back]

P.S - Your fathers condition is getting worse, the doctors don't think he has much longer. I know you and him haven't always seen eye to eye, and you haven't spoken since
your last fight - but it would mean a lot to him if he could see you again, even if he won't admit it.

[...]

You're unsure how to feel.
Your sister is missing, your dad is getting worse, it feels like already unusually close walls are getting closer.
You'd call out for help, but you still don't have a phone.
You haven't been home in what feels like eons. Maybe because work hasn't given you much free time. Maybe by choice. You're not sure.
You lay awake that night, thumbing through tabs in your mind. 

You want to help find Callie.
You're close to a promotion at work.
You want to get out of the city.
Rent is due next week.
You want to eat your mothers cooking again.
...He wants to see you.
...


Before you know it, you're handing in your two weeks at work. You're packing your things and getting in the car. 	
The drive will take you a few days, you moved across the country a few years ago. Your car doesn't have a radio. You'll have a lot of time to think about the choice you just made over the next few days. 

For better or worse,
You're going home.

